ECOPROJECT-3- Documentation changes for Poison Pill 4.9 (#40380)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/eco-poison-pill-operator-about.adoc

The Poison Pill Operator runs on the cluster nodes and reboots nodes that are identified as unhealthy. The Operator uses the `MachineHealthCheck` controller to detect the health of a node in the cluster. When a node is identified as unhealthy, the `MachineHealthCheck` resource creates the `PoisonPillRemediation` custom resource (CR), which triggers the Poison Pill Operator. 

> The Poison Pill Operator minimizes downtime for stateful applications and restores compute capacity if transient failures occur. You can use this Operator regardless of the management interface, such as IPMI or an API to provision a node; and regardless of of the cluster installation type, such as Installer Provisioned Infrastructure (IPI) or User Provisioned Infrastructure (UPI).

Author: Accepted

The Poison Pill Operator provides the following capabilities:

* Minimizes downtime for stateful applications and restores compute capacity if transient failures occur.

> * Independent of any management interface, such as IPMI or an API to provision a node.

Reviewer: This is not a "capability", nor is the third bullet.

Reviewer: Bit of a mouthful - maybe you can do better :)

```suggestion
The Poison Pill Operator reduces downtime for stateful applications and restores compute capacity if transient failures occur. It does not rely on a management interface, such as IPMI or an API to provision the node, and it does not rely on any particular installation method, such as Installer Provisioned Infrastructure (IPI) or User Provisioned Infrastructure (UPI).
```

spec:
  safeTimeToAssumeNodeRebootedSeconds: 180 <1>
  watchdogFilePath: /test/watchdog1 <2>
  isSoftwareRebootEnabled: true <3>
  apiServerTimeout: 15s <4>
  apiCheckInterval: 5s <5>  
  maxApiErrorThreshold: 3 <6>
  peerApiServerTimeout: 5s <7>
  peerDialTimeout: 5s <8>
  peerRequestTimeout: 5s <9>
  peerUpdateInterval: 15m <10>
----

<1> Specify the timeout duration for the surviving peer, after which the Operator can assume that an unhealthy node has been rebooted. The Operator automatically calculates the lower limit for this value. However, if different nodes have different watchdog timeouts, you must change this value to a higher value.

> <2> Specify the file path of the watchdog device in the nodes. If a watchdog device is unavailable, the `PoisonPillConfig` CR uses a software reboot.

Reviewer: again - is this a specific feature? if it's not, it might be more straightforward to say "node reboot".
